---
layout: post
title: "2021-11"
date: "2021-03-22 05:00"
---

It's almost inconceivable that the global Covid19-pandemic is ongoing for more than a year and Germany is running in full-speed towards another "lockdown" and a third wave while all vaccination efforts appear to be stalling. I hope the German language soon has a word for the yen to get a vaccine, similar to "Fernweh".

## Gaming PC
As mentioned last week, I ordered all individual parts to build a gaming PC. I used the PC configurator at [alternate.de](https://alternate.de) to select fitting parts around the Razer Tomahawk Mini-ITX[^1] case and an AMD Ryzen 5 3600. I only bought an Nvidia 1650 GTX, as higher end graphics are currently just hopelessly overpriced. This will be easy to upgrade in the future. The parts arrived within a day and the build process was pretty smooth. This is not my first computer I ever built from scratch, and it felt way easier than the last time, 15 years ago. I only encountered 2 issues during the build. The ram required surprisingly more force to snap in place. This lead to plugging in the PC and starting it up without an image first. The power supply didn’t really fit inside the case and I needed to order a replacement. First tests were made with the power supply just sitting on the floor. The build is now finished, the case looks good enough for a typical gaming-style hardware and everything runs as expected. It’s now time to play some new games, or more Rocket League.

## Reading
**A Woman of No Importance: The Untold Story of the American Spy Who Helped Win World War II by Sonia Purnell**: I only heard about Virginia Hall in one of the other spy-books before, but had no understanding about who she was or what she achieved. It's a fascinating story about spying and guerrilla warfare in WW2 France.

Bye!

[^1]: Many gamers appear to be dismissive about Razer for charging more money for nicer hardware. They state it's the Apple of gaming hardware. Nothing wrong in my eyes. I really like the case.