---
layout: post
title: "2021-3"
date: "2021-01-25 05:00"
---

One small learning for the week: Substack isn’t for me. I tried finding newsletters/content I enjoyed and mostly failed. I also don’t like reading in my mail inbox. Conceptually my mail App is closer to a ToDo-list; things I have to act on until I can archive it. It is not the place to read a well-structured blog post. The hostile-ness of tracking users in their mail App is a whole other topic. I already deleted my publication and am now trying to delete my whole account as well.

## Apps
After John Gruber’s recommendation on Daring Fireball, I also installed [HUSH](https://oblador.github.io/hush/). It’s a small Safari extension for iOS and macOS that blocks cookie popups and trackers. I was happy to see that the whole App is [open source](https://github.com/oblador/hush) and is not integrating any analytics or data collection schemes. This small extension in combination with my local [Pi-Hole](https://pi-hole.net) instance greatly improves my web-browsing experience. Just imagine opening a news website without trying to find the button to opt-out tracking in the inevitable huge pop-up.

## Reading
Even though I’m in a little physical reading slump and struggle to finish the two books I’m currently reading, I managed to listen to two audiobooks and started a third.

**The Infinite Game by Simon Sinek**: An inspirational book about business; I liked many of the ideas portrayed and enjoyed a few of the many examples given, but it gets repetitive after a while.

**Man’s Search for Meaning by Viktor E. Frankl**: A first-hand account of life inside Nazi concentration camps combined with an introduction to Logotherapy. I can’t even describe how much I enjoyed this book. I will need to revisit it again but it has the potential to be one of my all-time favorites.

## Listening
One more week with Apple Music and I’m still happy about the recommendation quality. Besides introductions to new artists, I frequently discover music that I missed from artists I enjoy. This weeks example:
Daughter - His Young Heart. This recommendation also made me discover that the voice behind Ex:Re and Daughter is the same person.

Bye.

